---
layout: post
title: Jul 11 - Jul 17
---
### What did you do this past week? ###
This week I finished up the second part of the project which I considered the main meat of the project. We used other API's and scraped websites for data, displayed our data, and made dynamic webpages. I feel like we really got a feel for what it takes to build up a website as well as working together as a team. We also started to learn about Java in class which surprised me a little but I'm not too worried about it. I'm glad Professor Downing showed us the importance of using abstract methods to move the errors from runtime errors to compile errors and I gained an appreciation for the time he saved us from wasting. I also enjoyed learning about refactoring, which made me wonder if there was a career dedicated to purely refactoring. I played with this thought in my head a little after class and it was amusing to think about.

### What's in your way? ###
On the project side there's not much really that is worrying me. I feel like the difficult implementation of the website is pretty much completed and we just have to add the finishing touches and prepare ourselves for presentation. What I'm worried about is the upcoming quizzes because last week I completely dropped the ball on one of the quizzes, but there is no point in me sulking over it. All I can do is try my best on the future ones. Also we have a final exam coming up real soon so I will want to be well prepared for that.

### What will you do next week? ###
Next week I will just continue to keep up with the readings and put my efforts into attempting to get perfect scores on the last three quizzes. I will also finish up the website and celebrate with my team once the project is finally over. 

This class went by so quickly and I'm glad I've learned so much over the course of the short amount of time. I feel like I've learned a lot more than just coding in this class, whether it be by using the various tools, by improving communication with my team members, or by getting a glimpse of how the software engineering industry works and operates. I really like how this class kind of gives us the "bigger picture" of what software engineering encompasses and provides us with a well-rounded understanding of the computer science industry as a whole.

#### Pick-of-the-week: ####
(http://www.businessinsider.com/pokemon-go-niantic-john-hanke-interview-2016-7)

If you haven't been living under a rock then you've probably heard of the Pokemon Go craze. John Hanke is the CEO of Niantic, which is the virtual reality company that teamed up with Nintendo to create the app. Interestingly enough, John Hanke is a UT alumni. I guess you can say "what starts here changes the world."
