---
layout: post
title: Jun 13 - Jun 19
---
### What did you do this past week? ###
This week was focused mostly on pair programming. Since I've taken CS439 I already know the importance of pair programming and fully believe in the benefits of it over working alone. It just makes computer science seem more community-like which is good. I like how Professor Downing encouraged us to share the our cache's with each other in order to optimize each other's programs for the Netflix lab. This makes it feel like we're all in it together to tackle the problem. 

### What's in your way? ###
The one thing that was stressful for me this week was the turning-in process of the first project. I was working down to the last few hours before I found out a solution that would be accepted and was so happy to be finished but I had to finish the tedious things like cleaning up my code and documenting everything. I had to make sure I didn't make any careless mistakes, especially on the schema form, to make sure I didn't get docked for failing to complete it correctly. Professor Downing told us to be very "anal" about the turn in process and I made sure to take his advice.

### What will you do next week? ###
This coming week I will continue to learn more about Python and tools related to source control. It's very interesting how the integration process has been basically standardized to the same way we work. I feel like I'm in the same workflow as someone who would be working at Google or their own startup company and it's a pretty cool feeling. One thing I want to focus on is being more proactive than reactive when it comes to reading. I want to be well prepared for the quizzes instead of learning the answer after I take them.

In class this week I tried to make an effort to get to know some more people in my class. I purposefully sat in different areas of the classroom to try to get to know my other classmates. Surprisngly the range of ages in the class bigger than I expected. I always just assume that people are the same age as me but it isn't true. I guess it's something from high school that I carried with me. It was also cool to be able to work along classmates in the GDC. Whenever I hear someone struggling in the lab I just assume their in SWE. Being able to ask each other questions and help each other out makes me feel like I'm in a working enviroment of a tech company. Pretty cool.

#### Tip-of-the-week: ####
Ask questions! I know it's been said many times before that it's basically a cliche, but there's nothing wrong with being confused and wanting clarification or just trying to learn something new. Ask and you shall receive.
