---
layout: post
title: Jun 20 - Jun 26
---
### What did you do this past week? ###
This week I finished up my Netflix project, learned more about Python functions, and read up on some papers concerning little bugs with big repercussions. I also prepared for my first test that will be on Monday. Today, I grouped up with some of my classmates to review the material together. Writing out the functions and classes for stuff like Map, Enumerate, and Reverse made me feel more confident about the material and also brought to our attention any questions that came with writing them out. I'm glad I got together with my classmates and got something out of it.

### What's in your way? ###
The only thing that's in my way would be the upcoming test. It is weighed pretty heavily on the grading scale, so I am focusing all my attention on it to make sure I succeed.

### What will you do next week? ###
This coming week, after the test, I assume I will be learning more about Python and all its features. I also will be working on creating a website after the test so I'm excited for that. I think that being able to create a website is a highly desired skillset and I'm excited to learn.

The one thing I got a lot better at was at the quizzes. I'm glad I have finally gotten the hang of it and know what to expect. Sitting in class this week was entertaining as always. Professor Downing has many quotable moments and I can't help but burst out laughing at the things he says. Also a little side note, I just started watching Sillicon Valley because Luke mentioned it in his blog. It's a funny show about five goofballs and their tech startup. What surprised me a little was when Professor Downing mentioned he watched Sillicon Valley as well. I guess all of us just have the same sense of (nerdy) humor.

#### Tip-of-the-week: ####
When Professor Downing suggests you should do pair programming, you should do pair programming. When he suggests that you should gather up as a group to prepare for the test, you should gather up as a group to prepare for the test! Basically what I'm getting at is to listen to what he suggests you to do, not to just what is assigned on the schedule. I was always a very independent person, especially when it came to learning, but I have realized the value of working with like-minded people to achieve a common goal. My corny, cliché of the week is- "teamwork makes the dream work".
