---
layout: post
title: Jun 27 - Jul 03
---
### What did you do this past week? ###
This week I took the midterm and began to work on my internet
database with my group. The midterm sort of caught me off guard.
I thought I was well prepared for it but I definitely panicked a little during the test. We also received a talk from Pariveda Solutions. It was interesting to be able to see what tools they used and their business model, which they emphasized as being a
"generalist" IT company.

### What's in your way? ###
The thing that is in my way would be this project due on Tuesday. I get stressed trying to figure out how to use these various tools with very minimal guidance. This upcoming week is
also the final week of my security class so I know my schedule
will be very tight.

### What will you do next week? ###
By next week I hope to fully understand how API's work as well as learn more about the backend side of web development. I also hope to see the website just develop into something better and better over time.

This week was one of the most stressful weeks for me in software engineering. It seems like assignments and readings were just piling on one another and I spent all my time in the lab. However, I do feel good after leaving the lab and feeling like I've made progress, whether it be through gained knowledge or progression on projects. 

#### Tip-of-the-week: ####
Communicate with your team. I think it is very important to establish what each person's responsibility is and to work with each others schedules. I would recommend tackling the project's problems in pairs instead of dividing up the workload into six individual slices.
